what have we created--im so sorry
among us but--there's continuity errors
i am the dream--of unfortunate spacemen
am i faster--than a pizza?
uh oh my hard drive died--rip bozo lol
where the hell--is episode 2?
so about your username--do you really doodle?
also try--mobile mania
monochrome--with lyrics
source code guides--need better formatting
shapeshifter?--possible squide reference?
freddy frostbear--beatbox battle
this alien--travelled 50 meters
mr beast--squid game
im watching an fnf--how to draw matt tutorial
i'm going to break into--your home and steal things
this is a monument--to all your sins
my best video--and i didnt even edit it
send me out--with a bang
i love overpriced--microtransactions
calvin should--have been here
this one is made of--flesh and cringe
Joseph Staten has--hundreds of fortnite wins
no questions asked--no questions needed
i stayed up til 3am--for this!?!?
ive been drafted--into the saxon war
you'll understand--when you're older
it's all futile!--it's all pointless!
Wort Wort Wort--Wort Wort Wort
......--were it so easy
If they came to hear me beg--they will be disappointed.
Unacceptable! UNACCEPTABLE!!--ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE
We trade one villain--for another
reach has been good to me--don't deny me this
you only have so much time--don't waste it
unus--annus
where were you when--jared fogle
Fun Fact--China has internment camps
is master chief--a straight mom or gay dad?
let's get--sinister
there's piss on the floor--musta been doug
ayo--pass the cath
I'm trapped in the--Punta Cana Airport
endorsed by--goku
hanging with the lads--in idyllwild
my backstory is--an elf slighted me once
how the fuck--does github work
baby im a star--call me miku
I just hit a triple--call my UAV
Pills to the head--I'm dead in the red light
BBTAG--for rollback
Just because you are correct--doesn't mean you are right
What do you mean--you're at soup?
oh my god I just realized--a typo in one of the intro texts
it's just Persona--without the heart
What?-- just hold back??